You crippled my son and tried to run
No way.
You are responsible for my son
What am I responsible for?
That's his own bad luck
You flew my legs.
Did you hear that you are responsible for his rebirth?
let go
I will compensate you with a sum of money.
Compensation for ruining my son's life
How much are you going to compensate us?
I told you we don't want money
No money, what do you want?
I want you to get a marriage license with my son right away
Impossible, I'm Miss Rock Group
How could I possibly marry a cripple?
How could I be fooled when this got out?
I'll tell you what.
If you don't marry me today
I will kill you
If you have the ability, you will die
I don't have your verification in my hands.
If you don't marry me
I'll post you.
Let the upper class take a good look at you
How coquettish people are
I'll see how you get through it in the future